this tag team match is under way Cody
with the yarn
if you haven't done it yet check out WWE
com you'll find updates and blogs from
all your favorite superstars cody has
the headlock don't expect a lot of mercy
to be shown here
he makes the tag
Cody Rhodes go to the children Drake
young and
up and coming superstars in WWE great
Goldust is always embroiled in
controversy in the WWE
so much on the line in this one like to
say on any given night anything can
happen in the w to be
what a tag-team match this has been
get over the physicality of this match
this has been brutal
he collapses down to the floor
his Cody making a believer out of you
Michael he is he's been very impressive
this has just been pandemonium
the air
you
oh my gosh hey soldiers a damn he
doesn't stay down for long these
superstars are so unpredictable I'm
having a hard time figuring out what
they're going to do next from the ring
to the floor a step axe handle
I'll tell you something about gold dust
he's always been an individual and the
fans love him for it
royal
watch back into the ring
any tags out his partner doesn't have
much left and he might need to do this
one on his own
great match here but if you missed any
of the matches from this week go to WWE
com and there's the camel clutch shades
of the legendary Iron Sheik tag-team
contest under way both of these cheap
watch it any powers out
these superstars looking for a victory
looking to build momentum the Heather
double team
there he goes crashing to the floor
Oh force back inside
oh man what a neckbreaker
it's very rare for someone to come along
with this much raw talent as Cody Rhodes
what's Cody gonna do
Cody's got him
moves like that he's got them covered
night too slow wow what an amazing and
this has been a great matchup Cody
timber and he falls hard
this match has been 100 miles here comes
Cody
he's in big trouble
oh look at this I think he's setting him
up for the superplex
he looks he's in desperation here
love this aggression
and it punch lands hard
what incredible impact
we got a 10
Telegraph the superstar catalyzes
there's the submission hold is in the
driver's seat now
where Cody's in trouble spinebuster
this is Achilles knock beautiful
Cody Rhodes executed bamboo perfect
do this
show is good
the ground
fine
oh man they could be a knockout
oh no wait a minute coach Oh DDT
Golda sees the opening
salons to throw mind games
this could only be
you